alright let's see the answer rather than
just give it away I'm going to use this
really handy job of visual answer so
click this link and it'll take you to
some code that you can run in the
browser and I'll show you step by step
what's going on so I'll click visualize
execution and we'll go through
everything line by line now if you can't
find the slides because it's the year
twenty five fifty and you're I don't
know though we're in a post-apocalyptic
situation where these slides are gone
there's no Google slides anymore you can
instead go to this link right here and
it should take you to the visualizer so
let's try running the code so in this
case every time I click forward it's
gonna step forward in the code one line
so when I say dog small dog equals new
dog five when I click forward we're down
here in the constructor they click a few
more times and we find ourselves with a
small dog with this arrow pointing at
the instance here which has the dog of
size five
okay we create a couple more dogs so
I'll just click quickly and finally what
we end up with after running these three
lines of code is we have three dogs one
of size 525 150 stored in variables
small dog medium dog and huge dog
respectively so here we have an array of
dogs we're gonna create called mini dogs
and it's gonna be of size four so when
we create this array we see that they're
each null now we haven't said what null
is before but just suffice it to say
it's an empty hole in our array of dogs
right it's a these are empty dog houses
so then we'll say mini dog is a zero
you're gonna be the small dog many dogs
one you'll be the huge dog and then
finally many dogs too in this box we'll
put a new dog of size 130 and so it gets
created and there it is now this dog
does not have a name in the sense that
there's no main variable that points at
it but nonetheless it is an actual dog
that lives in dog house number two and
it can be manipulated and utilized next
up comes this loop so we'll set a equal
to zero and then we're just gonna go
through each item of the
and we're going to compare the ice dog
with medium dog and whichever ones
bigger is gonna make a noise so in other
words this first comparison is between
the size 5 dog and the medium dog here
and so we expect this dog to be the one
that barks we should get a bark sound so
in the comparison happens d1 and Max dog
is this dog here and d2 is the medium
sized dog and so since d1 is not less
than d2 which I tends d1 is not bigger
than d2 the medium dog is the returned
guy it's just another way of saying when
we made this comparison the medium dog
won and so then the noise is made the
medium dog will say ok it's my size less
than 10 here's me I'm this no okay so
I'm good luck is my size less than 30
yes so I'm gonna make a bark sound
alright and so forth so the next
comparison is gonna be between dog 1
which is the 150 dog and medium dog and
this time the 150 dog will win and we
see this dog will consider his own size
and say ok
no no woof alright next we get to the
size 130 dog versus the medium dog and
so in this comparison happens we expect
this dog here to win and indeed it does
this is the larger one so it will also
woof so we have bark woof woof because
this is medium dog 1 huge dog 1 huge dog
1 and the final comparison is between
the null dog the no dog at all and the
medium dog now I didn't actually tell
you what would happen here right this is
the piece of information you didn't have
to solve the problem properly but what
will happen is when we try and compare
these dogs we get error
nullpointerexception
you may not compare a normal dog with a
real dog that's just not allowed in Java
because this isn't actually a dog at all
now I don't expect that all of that made
sense especially if you hadn't tried the
problem so I really highly encourage you
to go look at this Java visualizer that
is click this link and step through it
and make sure you understand why it's
bark woof woof No
dear exception okay so that's the the
heart of classes instantiation static
versus non static methods but project
zeros were is really gonna click because
right now you know I've given you a
surface level understanding I've walked
us through some very specific examples
but it's only when you start working to
that project that it will all really
make this